Open Settings, and find the Locations group in the left rail.
p02
Four pages live here.
p03
One holds every site you run and everything hanging off it.
p04
The other three group your sites, style what customers see, and guard the payment keys.
p05
We'll read all four, and change none of them.
p06
Now open Locations.
p07
A band of tiles reads the network at a glance: how many sites, how many active,
p08
how many states, and when they last synced.
p09
Under it, three panels chart growth, split the sites by state,
p10
and score how healthy their setup is.
p11
This is your map before you open a single site.
p12
And if the list underneath ever reads couldn't load,
p13
that's the agent service dropping, not an empty tenant.
p14
Look at the list itself.
p15
Eight columns, and the one that matters most is Code.
p16
That short site code follows a location through every screen in the platform,
p17
so learn to read it first.
p18
Search by name or code up top, filter beside it, and leave New Record alone.
p19
Last Sync on the right tells you when the site last checked in,
p20
which is the first thing you read when a site looks silent.
p21
Click a site to open it.
p22
One location, five tabs.
p23
Profile, Operations, Payments and Credentials, Messaging, and Users.
p24
That strip is the whole record,
p25
and every support question about a site starts by picking the right tab.
p26
Profile is where you land.
p27
Start with Profile.
p28
This is who and where: the site's code and name, its address, its contact details, its hours.
p29
When a ticket names a location you don't recognize,
p30
this tab confirms you're looking at the right one before you touch anything else.
p31
Now Operations.
p32
This tab runs the site's behavior and its time clock.
p33
Whether it shows on dashboards, whether it takes online orders,
p34
and the rules that clock staff out and pay overtime.
p35
Find the automatic clock-out timeout and the overtime threshold,
p36
read them, and leave them exactly as they are.
p37
Open Payments and Credentials.
p38
Below the portal and auto-charge options sits Credential Configuration,
p39
split into a block for each processor a site can run:
p40
Open Edge, Smart Tech, Other, and Card Connect.
p41
Every secret shows masked.
p42
Your job is to name which block is present, never to read the value.
p43
For a decline ticket, the gateway name is all support needs.
p44
Two tabs left. Messaging.
p45
This holds the messages a site sends on its own, set per location rather than network-wide.
p46
When a customer at one site gets a text that another site's customers don't, this tab is why.
p47
You read what's set here; you send nothing.
p48
Then Users.
p49
This is who can work this site.
p50
When someone says they can't get into a location, check here before you reset anything:
p51
they may simply not be assigned to it.
p52
Read the list; open nothing.
p53
Back out with the Back button.
p54
Nothing saved, nothing changed.
p55
And even if you wanted to swap a site's credentials, you couldn't finish it here:
p56
those changes route to an approval queue, which is the next page we read.
p57
Open Location Groups.
p58
A group bundles several sites so a report or a dashboard treats them as one.
p59
Five columns: the name, a description, how many sites it holds,
p60
its geo group, and whether it shows on the dashboard.
p61
Read only.
p62
Next, Location Sub-Brand.
p63
The link says Sub-Brand, the page says Sub-Brands, same place.
p64
This styles the customer-facing panels, the panel type and the colors,
p65
so one operator can run sites under more than one look.
p66
Last page: Payment Credential Approval.
p67
This is where those credential changes land for sign-off.
p68
Each row shows a location, its gateway, and a status: pending, approved, or rejected.
p69
In the capture, two sites sat approved on Open Edge.
p70
When an admin says a site's new keys aren't live yet, this status column is your answer,
p71
one pending row and you know it's still in the queue.
p72
So that's the Locations area.
p73
One list, one five-tab record, three sibling pages.
p74
The site list gets you in,
p75
the tabs tell you who, how, and with which processor,
p76
and the sibling pages bundle sites, style them, and sign off their credentials.
p77
You read all of it, and you change none of it.